feat(qaas): bootstrap quantum computing product (#5846)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/quantum-computing/additional-content/iqm-qpus.mdx

---
title: IQM QPUs Information
description: Learn more about IQM QPUs.
tags: iqm qpu
dates:
  validation: 2025-11-21
  posted: 2021-11-21
---

> **IQM** is an European leader founded in 2018, specializes in Superconducting quantum computers based on transmon technology. These processors are optimized for the general-purpose, universal gate model, making them ideal for the design and execution of standard algorithms, providing high reliability in a low-temperature environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IQM** is a European leader founded in 2018, specializing in superconducting quantum computers based on transmon technology. These processors are optimized for the general-purpose, universal gate model, making them ideal for the design and execution of standard algorithms, providing high reliability in a low-temperature environment.
```
